Are you new to refugee resettlement? Looking to learn new skills or supervising others?
The Cultural Orientation Resource Exchange is here for you.
CORE connects and supports resettlement staff, community partners and sponsors
to deliver effective cultural orientation to refugees coming to the United States.
From predeparture to arrival, refugees have a lot of information
to learn and navigate. In response, CORE provides resettlement staff with
teaching tips, course materials and trainings. And for refugees and other
newcomers, CORE delivers reliable translated resources on getting started
in America. All of this is with one goal in mind:
Providing newcomers with the tools they need to navigate their new communities.